
=head1 NAME

HTML::FromMail::Head - output a message header as HTML


=head1 INHERITANCE

 HTML::FromMail::Head
   is a HTML::FromMail::Page
   is a HTML::FromMail::Object
   is a Mail::Reporter


=head1 SYNOPSIS



=head1 DESCRIPTION




=head1 METHODS


$obj-E<gt>B<fields>(MESSAGE, OPTIONS)

HTML::FromMail::Head-E<gt>B<fields>(MESSAGE, OPTIONS)

=over 4

Collect information about the header fields.

 Option                Defined in       Default 
 ignore                                 C<undef>
 remove_list_group                      1       
 remove_resent_groups                   1       
 remove_spam_groups                     1       
 select                                 ''      

. ignore STRING

=over 4

The reverse of C<select>: which fields not to take.

=back

. remove_list_group BOOLEAN

=over 4

Do not select the headers which are added by mailing list software.
See Mail::Message::Head::ListGroup.

=back

. remove_resent_groups BOOLEAN

=over 4

Remove all the lines which are related to transport of the message, for
instance the C<Received> and C<Return-Path>, and all lines which start
with C<Resent->.  See Mail::Message::Head::ResentGroup.

=back

. remove_spam_groups BOOLEAN

=over 4

Do not select headers which were added by spam fighting software.  See
Mail::Message::Head::SpamGroup.

=back

. select STRING

=over 4

Select only the fields which match the patterns found in STRING.  Multiple
patterns can be specified separated by vertical bars (I<pipes>).  The fields
are ordered as specified in the STRING.
See Mail::Message::Head::Complete subroutine grepNames.

=back

=back

$obj-E<gt>B<lookup>(LABEL, ARGS)

=over 4

See L<HTML::FromMail::Page/"METHODS">

=back

HTML::FromMail::Head-E<gt>B<new>(OPTIONS)

=over 4

 Option    Defined in       Default  
 settings  L<HTML::FromMail::Object>  {}       
 topic     L<HTML::FromMail::Object>  C<'head'>

. settings HASH-OF-HASHES

. topic STRING

=back

=head2 Attributes


$obj-E<gt>B<settings>([TOPIC])

=over 4

See L<HTML::FromMail::Object/"Attributes">

=back

$obj-E<gt>B<topic>

=over 4

See L<HTML::FromMail::Object/"Attributes">

=back

=head2 Export


=head2 Other methods


$obj-E<gt>B<plain2html>(STRING)

=over 4

See L<HTML::FromMail::Object/"Other methods">

=back








=head1 REFERENCES

See the HTML::FromMail website at L<http://perl.overmeer.net/html-from-mail/> for more details.

=head1 COPYRIGHTS

Module version 0.10.
Written by Mark Overmeer (mark@overmeer.net).  See the ChangeLog for
other contributors.

Copyright (c) 2003 by the author(s). All rights reserved.  This program
is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
same terms as Perl itself.


