
=head1 NAME

HTML::FromMail::Object - base-class for convertable items


=head1 INHERITANCE

 HTML::FromMail::Object
   is a Mail::Reporter

 HTML::FromMail::Object is extended by
   HTML::FromMail::Page


=head1 SYNOPSIS



=head1 DESCRIPTION




=head1 METHODS


HTML::FromMail::Object-E<gt>B<new>(OPTIONS)

=over 4

 Option    Defined in       Default   
 settings                   {}        
 topic                      <required>

. settings HASH-OF-HASHES

=over 4

Contains the special settings for each of the topics.
See L<HTML::FromMail::new(settings)|HTML::FromMail/"Constructors">.

=back

. topic STRING

=over 4

A symbolic representation of the group of objects which can be handled
by the producer.  Each extension of this base class will set a value for
this option, so you will usually not specify this yourself.

The topic is used to get the right default settings and templates.  See
L<HTML::FromMail::new(settings)|HTML::FromMail/"Constructors"> and L<HTML::FromMail::new(templates)|HTML::FromMail/"Constructors">.

=back

=back

=head2 Attributes


$obj-E<gt>B<settings>([TOPIC])

=over 4

Returns the settings for objects with a certain TOPIC, by default
for objects of the current.  An empty hash will be returned when
not settings where specified.

=back

$obj-E<gt>B<topic>

=over 4

Returns the abstract topic of the producer.

=back

=head2 Export


=head2 Other methods


$obj-E<gt>B<plain2html>(STRING)

=over 4

Convert a STRING into HTML.

=back








=head1 REFERENCES

See the HTML::FromMail website at L<http://perl.overmeer.net/html-from-mail/> for more details.

=head1 COPYRIGHTS

Module version 0.10.
Written by Mark Overmeer (mark@overmeer.net).  See the ChangeLog for
other contributors.

Copyright (c) 2003 by the author(s). All rights reserved.  This program
is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
same terms as Perl itself.


