
=head1 NAME

HTML::FromMail::Format::OODoc - convert messages into HTML using OODoc::Template


=head1 INHERITANCE

 HTML::FromMail::Format::OODoc
   is a HTML::FromMail::Format
   is a Mail::Reporter


=head1 SYNOPSIS

 my $fmt = HTML::FromMail->new
  ( templates => ...
  , formatter => 'OODoc'    # but this is also the default
  );


=head1 DESCRIPTION

Convert messages into HTML using L<OODoc::Template>.  This is a simple
template system, which focusses on giving produced pieces of HTML a place
in larger HTML structures.



=head1 METHODS


$obj-E<gt>B<containerText>(ARGS)

=over 4

See L<HTML::FromMail::Format/"METHODS">

=back

$obj-E<gt>B<expand>(ARGS, TAG, ATTRS, TEXTREF)

=over 4

Kind of autoloader, used to discover the correct method to be invoked
when a pattern must be filled-in.

=back

$obj-E<gt>B<lookup>(TAG, ARGS)

=over 4

See L<HTML::FromMail::Format/"METHODS">

=back

HTML::FromMail::Format::OODoc-E<gt>B<new>(OPTIONS)

=over 4

=back

$obj-E<gt>B<onFinalToken>(ARGS)

=over 4

See L<HTML::FromMail::Format/"METHODS">

=back

$obj-E<gt>B<oodoc>

=over 4

Returns the L<OODoc::Template> object which is used.

=back

$obj-E<gt>B<processText>(TEXT, ARGS)

=over 4

See L<HTML::FromMail::Format/"METHODS">

=back








=head1 REFERENCES

See the HTML::FromMail website at L<http://perl.overmeer.net/html-from-mail/> for more details.

=head1 COPYRIGHTS

Module version 0.10.
Written by Mark Overmeer (mark@overmeer.net).  See the ChangeLog for
other contributors.

Copyright (c) 2003 by the author(s). All rights reserved.  This program
is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
same terms as Perl itself.


